Quiz 01 – Threat Intelligence and Cybersecurity
Q1. Which three (3) of these were among the top 5 security drivers in 2019? (Select 3)

IOT device attacks moving from targeting consumer electronics to targeting enterprise devices
The number of breached records in 2019 more than 3 times that of 2018
Human error accounting for the majority of security breaches

Q2. What was the average cost of a data breach in 2019 in US dollars?

$3.92M

Q3. What was the average size of a data breach in 2019?

25,575 records

Q4. According to the Threat Intelligence Strategy Map, The threat intelligence process can be broken down into 4 steps: Collect, Process, Analyze, and Share. Which step would contain activities such as gathering data from internal, external, technical and human sources?

Collect
Ezoic

Q5. Crowdstrike organizes threat intelligence into which three (3) areas? (Select 3)

Operational
Strategic
Tactical

Q6. According to the Crowdstrike model, Endpoints, SIEMs and Firewalls belong in which intelligence area?

Ezoic
Tactical

Q7. Which three (3) sources are recommended reading for any cybersecurity professional? (Select 3)

Trend Micro
BleepingComputer
DarkReading

Q8. Which two (2) of these were among the 4 threat intelligence platforms covered in the Threat Intelligence Platforms video? (Select 2)

Recorded Future
FireEye
Threat Intelligence Framework

Q1. True or False. The average enterprise has 85 different security tools from 45 vendors.

True

Q2. Which threat intelligence framework can be described as a system that is effective if there are only 2 players and the adversary is motivated by socioeconomic or sociopolitical payoffs?

Ezoic
Diamond Model of Intrusion Analysis

Q3. True or False. An organization’s security immune system should not be considered fully integrated until it is integrated with the extended partner ecosystem.

True

Q4. Which term can be defined as “The real-time collection, normalization, and analysis of the data generated by users, applications, and infrastructure that impacts the IT security and risk posture of an enterprise” ?

Security Intelligence

Q5. What are the three (3) pillars of effective threat detection? (Select 3)

Become proactive
See everything
Automate intelligence

Q6. True or False. According to the FireEye Mandiant’s Security Effectiveness Report 2020, organizations have an average of 50-70 security tools in their IT environments.

Ezoic
True

Quiz 02 – Threat Intelligence Graded Assessment
Q1. Which three (3) of these were among the top 5 security drivers in 2019? (Select 3)

A significant skills gap exists with more new cybersecurity professional needed the total number currently working in this field
IOT device attacks moving from targeting consumer electronics to targeting enterprise devices
Factors such as cloud migration and IT complexity act as cost multipliers making new breaches increasingly expensive

Q2. What was the average time to identify and contain a breach in 2019?

279 days

Q3. Which industry had the highest average cost per breach in 2019 at $6.45M

Healthcare

Q4. Breaches caused by which source resulted in the highest cost per incident in 2019?

Credentials theft

Q5. According to the Threat Intelligence Strategy Map, The threat intelligence process can be broken down into 4 steps: Collect, Process, Analyze, and Share. Which step would contain activities such as normalize, correlate, confirm and enrich the data?

Process

Q6. According to the Threat Intelligence Strategy Map, The threat intelligence process can be broken down into 4 steps: Collect, Process, Analyze, and Share. Which step would contain activities such as investigate, contain, remediate and prioritize?

Ezoic
Analyze

Q7. According to the Crowdstrike model, threat hunters, vulnerability management and incident response belong in which intelligence area?

Operational

Q8. Which three (3) sources are recommended reading for any cybersecurity professional? (Select 3)

X-Force Exchange
Krebs on Security
InfoSecurity Magazine

Q9. Which two (2) of these were among the 4 threat intelligence platforms covered in the Threat Intelligence Platforms video? (Select 2)

IBM X-Force Exchange
TruSTAR

Q10. Which threat intelligence framework is divided into 3 levels. Level one is getting to know your adversaries. Level 2 involves mapping intelligence yourself and level 3 where you map more information and used that to plan your defense?

Mitre Att&ck Knowledgebase

Q11. True or False. An organization’s security immune system should be isolated from outside organizations, including vendors and other third parties to keep it from being compromised. 

Ezoic
False

Q12. Activities performed as a part of security intelligence can be divided into pre-exploit and post-exploit activities. Which two (2) of these are pre-exploit activities? (Select 2)

Detect deviations from the norm that indicate early warnings of APTs
Prioritize vulnerabilities to optimize remediation processes and close critical exposures

Q13. True or False. According to the FireEye Mandiant’s Security Effectiveness Report 2020, more that 50% of successful attacks are able to infiltrate without detection.

True

